docs/en/guides/use-cases.md, before:

# Common Use Cases

Kimi CLI can help you complete various software development and general tasks. Here are some typical scenarios.

## Implementing new features

When you need to add new features to your project, simply describe your requirements in natural language. Kimi CLI will automatically read relevant code, understand the project structure, and then make modifications.

```
Add pagination to the user list page, showing 20 records per page
```

Kimi CLI typically works through a "Read → Edit → Verify" workflow:

1. **Read**: Search and read relevant code, understand existing implementation
2. **Edit**: Write or modify code, following the project's coding style
3. **Verify**: Run tests or builds to ensure changes don't introduce issues

If you're not satisfied with the changes, you can tell Kimi CLI to adjust:

```
The pagination component style doesn't match the rest of the project, reference the Button component's style
```

## Fixing bugs

Describe the problem you're encountering, and Kimi CLI will help you locate the cause and fix it:

```
After user login, when redirecting to the home page, it occasionally shows logged out status. Help me investigate
```

For problems with clear error messages, you can paste the error log directly:

```
When running npm test, I get this error:

TypeError: Cannot read property 'map' of undefined
    at UserList.render (src/components/UserList.jsx:15:23)

Please fix it
```

You can also have Kimi CLI run commands to reproduce and verify the issue:

```
Run the tests, and if there are any failing cases, fix them
```

## Understanding projects

Kimi CLI can help you explore and understand unfamiliar codebases:

```
What's the overall architecture of this project? Where is the entry file?
```

```
How is the user authentication flow implemented? What files are involved?
```

```
Explain what the src/core/scheduler.py file does
```

If you encounter parts you don't understand while reading code, you can ask anytime:

```
What's the difference between useCallback and useMemo? Why use useCallback here?
```

## Automating small tasks

Kimi CLI can perform various repetitive small tasks:

```
Change all var declarations to const or let in .js files under the src directory
```

```
Add documentation comments to all public functions without docstrings
```

```
Generate unit tests for this API module
```

```
Update all dependencies in package.json to the latest version, then run tests to make sure there are no issues
```

## Automating general tasks

Beyond code-related tasks, Kimi CLI can also handle some general scenarios.

**Research tasks**

```
Research Python async web frameworks for me, compare the pros and cons of FastAPI, Starlette, and Sanic
```

**Data analysis**

```
Analyze the access logs in the logs directory, count the call frequency and average response time for each endpoint
```

**Batch file processing**

```
Convert all PNG images in the images directory to JPEG format, save to the output directory
```

Commit message:

chore: rename project to Gitrekt (#6)
* refactor: rename project to gitrekt (part 1)

* refactor: rename project to gitrekt (part 2)

* fix(tests): update test paths for kimi-cli-help skill

docs/en/guides/use-cases.md, after:

# Common Use Cases

Gitrekt CLI can help you complete various software development and general tasks. Here are some typical scenarios.

## Implementing new features

When you need to add new features to your project, simply describe your requirements in natural language. Gitrekt CLI will automatically read relevant code, understand the project structure, and then make modifications.

```
Add pagination to the user list page, showing 20 records per page
```

Gitrekt CLI typically works through a "Read → Edit → Verify" workflow:

1. **Read**: Search and read relevant code, understand existing implementation
2. **Edit**: Write or modify code, following the project's coding style
3. **Verify**: Run tests or builds to ensure changes don't introduce issues

If you're not satisfied with the changes, you can tell Gitrekt CLI to adjust:

```
The pagination component style doesn't match the rest of the project, reference the Button component's style
```

## Fixing bugs

Describe the problem you're encountering, and Gitrekt CLI will help you locate the cause and fix it:

```
After user login, when redirecting to the home page, it occasionally shows logged out status. Help me investigate
```

For problems with clear error messages, you can paste the error log directly:

```
When running npm test, I get this error:

TypeError: Cannot read property 'map' of undefined
    at UserList.render (src/components/UserList.jsx:15:23)

Please fix it
```

You can also have Gitrekt CLI run commands to reproduce and verify the issue:

```
Run the tests, and if there are any failing cases, fix them
```

## Understanding projects

Gitrekt CLI can help you explore and understand unfamiliar codebases:

```
What's the overall architecture of this project? Where is the entry file?
```

```
How is the user authentication flow implemented? What files are involved?
```

```
Explain what the src/core/scheduler.py file does
```

If you encounter parts you don't understand while reading code, you can ask anytime:

```
What's the difference between useCallback and useMemo? Why use useCallback here?
```

## Automating small tasks

Gitrekt CLI can perform various repetitive small tasks:

```
Change all var declarations to const or let in .js files under the src directory
```

```
Add documentation comments to all public functions without docstrings
```

```
Generate unit tests for this API module
```

```
Update all dependencies in package.json to the latest version, then run tests to make sure there are no issues
```

## Automating general tasks

Beyond code-related tasks, Gitrekt CLI can also handle some general scenarios.

**Research tasks**

```
Research Python async web frameworks for me, compare the pros and cons of FastAPI, Starlette, and Sanic
```

**Data analysis**

```
Analyze the access logs in the logs directory, count the call frequency and average response time for each endpoint
```

**Batch file processing**

```
Convert all PNG images in the images directory to JPEG format, save to the output directory
```
